Drop explicit distributed tracing page (#1068)
timescale/docs: promscale/cli.md

|------|:-----:|:-------:|:-----------|
| cache.memory-target | unsigned-integer or percentage | 80% | Target for max amount of memory to use. Specified in bytes or as a percentage of system memory (for example, 80%). |
| config | string | config.yml | YAML configuration file path for Promscale. |

> | enable-feature | string | "" | Enable one or more experimental promscale features (as a comma-separated list). Current experimental features are `promql-at-modifier`, and `promql-negative-offset`. For more information, please consult the following resources: [promql-at-modifier](https://prometheus.io/docs/prometheus/latest/feature_flags/#modifier-in-promql), [promql-negative-offset](https://prometheus.io/docs/prometheus/latest/feature_flags/#negative-offset-in-promql). |

Reviewer: ```suggestion
| enable-feature | string | "" | Enable one or more experimental promscale features (as a comma-separated list). Current experimental features are `promql-at-modifier`, and `promql-negative-offset`. For more information, see the [promql-at-modifier](https://prometheus.io/docs/prometheus/latest/feature_flags/#modifier-in-promql) and [promql-negative-offset](https://prometheus.io/docs/prometheus/latest/feature_flags/#negative-offset-in-promql) documentation. |
```
